# Cplusplus_Bank_Management

C++ Bank Management is a C++ project that was used to increase my C++ skills and show them off. The project is incomplete, though I hope to pick it back up in two or three months (February or March) to finish and improve what I have already accomplished.
\nThe purpose of the Bank Management project was to create a program that a bank teller might use to create a new customer, list all current customers, edit the information of a customer, add a transaction of a customer, erase a customer, or see the details of a customer. This was to try and help improve my skills at C++ as I am still new and wanted something to work on to learn by practice.
\nThere have been several challenges that have arisen, the most notable is how to store information in C++. I started by using a file that the program would store and retrieve the information from. This would make a good long term storage, at least for someone that is new and doesn't know how if there is a better long term storage solution, but it is not as easy to edit or retrieve specific information. Arrays are much more helpful in this area as the information is assigned to a specific spot in the array, which can be used to edit and retrieve that information. Combining the file and array ideas was difficult and not something that I have figured out, but would be something for me to work on in the next iteration. Instead, I stuck with the array idea as it was easier to use in the short term.
\nAnother problem that appeared when the arrays were used is that a different array was needed for the different data types. Actually, I probably made too many arrays as I had one for each item that made up a customer and that led to the problem that all of these arrays needed to be added to each fucntion, which was made them big, clunky, and with arrays that they didn't necessarily need, but maybe the next function that called did need them. The solution to this was using a Structure to hold all of the arrays. I only resently added the structure, but it seemed to work well. 
\nI still need to add an Edit, Transaction, Erase, and See (all of a customer's information) functions and it would be nice to have something that makes sure things like the phone number and SSN are in the correct format. It is time to set this project aside, start a new project, and come back to this project after some time has passed.


Here is a Trello link to see some of the thinking behind the project: https://trello.com/invite/b/dQTRMMJi/ATTIcdc735743f4f57f38b854817d0fd9cafC625F91E/learn-c
